# COPPA
## Introduction  
  YouTube was recently fined for violating _COPPA_, but what is COPPA? The “Childrens’ Online Privacy Protection Act” is a federal law enforced by the _FTC_ to prevent websites from stealing kids’ _(classified as anyone who is 13 and under)_ information without parental consent. This act, however, is controversial because of its strict guidelines, while some people are fine with its terms.
  
## Perspective  1 - COPPA is bad (KJO)
  Many people disagree with COPPA because of how it *might* violate the Constitution (mainly the First Amendment). In addition, it should be the responsibility of the parents to watch over and check what the sites, their kids are on, are doing with the information they are collecting, as well as the information itself. We shouldn’t restrict our children’s freedom of speech or expression. “I'm also troubled by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), a well-meaning federal law that has the unintended consequences of preventing kids under 13 from expressing themselves on most social media platforms unless they lie about their age. Millions of kids have lied to use these services, often with their parents' help.” (Magid. Larry, Protecting children online needs to allow for their right to free speech) [1]. Restricting our freedom of expression is a tragic byproduct of this law. Depending on how you look at it, COPPA is also violating the First Amendment (Magid. Larry, Protecting children online needs to allow for their right to free speech) [1]. Also it may give a false impression on parents making them think their children are 100% safe on the internet (LAWRENCE J. MAGID, New Law Protects Kids Online, but It's No Substitute for Parenting {Los Angeles Times}). This is why COPPA is bad.
  
## Perspective 2 - COPPA is good (NG)
  Many people, including Obama and his Administration support the Children's Online Privacy Policy. People who believe that COPPA is a good thing have supporting evidence supporting it. Parents are scared of the lack of online security provided on sites that kids may visit. “The 'Obama Administration '' imposed sweeping changes in regulations designed to protect a generation with extremely easy access to the internet.”says USA TODAY. Other than government support, COPPA also gains support from parents as well. Others support for COPPA is bolstered by what COPPA offers for their kids safety. Alison Pohn says that if you’re going to play in the kids arena you have to offer safety. Along with other parents who center their support towards COPPA, Alison Pohn cares about the safety of her children.

## Conclusion (WIP)

